[Music]
hey guys so today I'm going to show you
this very easy Halfmoon manicured nail
tutorial on this is super duper chic and
elegant and I love this and it's really
really easy okay so the first thing I'm
gonna do is a PI 8 base coat to my nails
and this is to sort of make my mani last
as long as possible plus it will kind of
not sing your nails and stinging your
nails is something that you not want and
for this I'm using my CND sticky base
and this is amazing because it really
grabs on to the polish that you put on
top ok now comes the actual Halfmoon
part of this all I'm gonna take this
beautiful dark red polish by Zoe a
called Sam hi Sam
and what you want to do with this is
sort of sketch that Halfmoon shape out
so you put the polish on but you leave
the Halfmoon out of it now of course
we're not all a perfection God so we
cannot get this Halfmoon shape
completely right the first time and
that's why some brands come up with nail
polish remover pens and these are
perfect for this manicure because you
can really sort of carve out sort of the
Halfmoon shape that you want for your
manicure so go ahead and take your nail
polish pen remover and just make your
shape that you want
[Music]
okay now just go ahead and take Sam
again I love this color so much because
even with two coats it kind of looks as
if it's like dried in sort of blood and
I don't know but that kind of interests
me in a really weird way now because I
feel like this alone is way too simple
for my taste
I'm gonna take a dotting tool by essence
and some white nail polish and then with
that just dot the entire line until you
like it I win all the way like all the
way like all there okay now just go
ahead and take your favorite fast drying
top coat - de and em at the door
[Music]
and that completes this easy half moon
manicure for beginners tutorial I hope
you enjoyed thank you guys so much for
watching you can follow me on Twitter
Instagram and Facebook that all is
nikkietutorials
again thank you and hopefully I will see
you guys next time bye guys
[Music]